Todays date is the 27th October 2001, we are the British Armed Forces and this is our Forward Operating Base which is located near center of Takistan.

Roughly 4 kilometres to the south east of us is a small village named Shu-kurka-lay which has been totally over-run with Takistan Insurgents who are causing grief and trauma to the local Takistan villagers.

Since mid October the Takistan Insurgents have been gradually creeping their way north east of Shu-kurka-lay and are taking over each village or compound on their travels using armed infantry and open light armed vehicles.

Last night their approach was known to be only 500 meters west from our FOB, so we are now on high alert.

This is our mission ahead...

Main communications will be on radio 152, channel 1, so make sure you have one equipped! If you don't, after briefing check the arsenal under the open tent to the north west of our compound.

*** ( Squad communications will be on radio 343 on separate channels, all squads must communicate between themselves with this radio and report to their team leaders, only team leaders may relay this information over radio 152 channel 1 to other squads, in order to keep radio chatter at a minimum ) ***

At our disposal are open light armed passenger vehicles which have dual static gunner positions, either small to medium calibre arms as well as a main .50cal or grenade launcher.

For this mission, each vehicle has been equipped with 10 reloads of ammunition per weapon, so go hard or go home! Try not to get the vehicles blown up as you will lose that reload ammo.

We will move out as one unit, multiple vehicles in convoy, and stay at a safe travelling distance between each vehicle at a slow to medium pace.

Each armed vehicle has been allocated a number, noted on the front and rear number plates, when travelling please refer to these for communications, example "vehicle 102, halt, IED spotted right front of 

vehicle." or "vehicle 108, 200 meters left, armed infantry, open fire!"

When travelling on foot, please refer to the same number allocated. example, "infantry 102, west compound cleared, making our way back to vehicle."

Each marked compound or village we encounter must be cleared of all Takistan Insurgents, as we need to eradicate them as far back to the south west as we can, in order to give the Takistan civilians relief.

Ok, open your map... you'll see red zone areas... these are the known places which the Takistan Insurgents have infiltrated, so they will need to be searched and cleared of any enemy forces.

These areas also have a lot of civilian presence, so please check and confirm your targets before you shoot to kill, as we dont need any friendly or civilian casualties.

That being said, keep a look out for rogue civilians, as there have been reports from an informant within Shu-kurka-lay of radicalization.

There are also pets roaming these compounds and villages, please do not injure or kill them.

Overhearing radio chatter from civilian air traffic this morning suggests that there may be IED's planted along our travel routes and within those marked enemy zones.

It has also been noted that there has been some unknown movement amongst the hill tops, so keep your eyes peeled.

As we move out, tasks will be automatically generated to each and every soldier, so i suggest you take note of given tasks.

Everyone needs to move uniform but strategicly, stick to roads whilst in a vehicle, use cover whenever on foot, and always keep watch on your team mates.

As your chief commander i will also provide further intel via radio communications as we proceed.

We need to be strategic in our approach, proceed with extreme caution and be aware of our surroundings at all times.

Please keep radio chatter to an absolute minimum with short and direct communications, and follow instructions from your group leaders.

Any questions before we head out?
